improve Gateway documentation (#72)
premAI-io/dev-portal: docs/prem-gateway/domains.md

---
id: domains
title: Domains
sidebar_label: Domains
sidebar_position: 1
---

At start, the Prem App is accessible via IP that is printed by the installation script. This IP is Prem Gateway IP address.

## How it works?

Domains feature gives you option to easily map your domain to your Prem App application.

> It is necessary to insert A record for your subdomain(with wildcard) and point it to Prem Gateway IP address.

Reviewer: we should mention here that actually two A records are needed, one for domain (example.com) and one for subdomain with wildcard (*example.com)

> It is necessary to insert A record for your subdomain(with wildcard) and point it to Prem Gateway IP address.

Author: ```suggestion
It is necessary to insert two A record for your domain (the base domain and a subdomain with wildcard) and point both to Prem Gateway IP address.
```

---
id: domains
title: Domains
sidebar_label: Domains
sidebar_position: 1
---

At start, the Prem App is accessible via IP that is printed by the installation script. This IP is Prem Gateway IP address.

## How it works?

Domains feature gives you option to easily map your domain to your Prem App application.
It is necessary to insert two A records:
- A `example.com` to `<IP_GATEWAY>`
- A `*.example.com` `<IP_GATEWAY>`

> For example, considering your domain is `example.com`, you need to insert A record for `*.example.com` and point it to Prem Gateway IP address.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also use a subdomain for the first record. ie. `prem.example.com`
```
